Update user manual for scaladoc (#12083)
lampepfl/dotty: scaladoc/documentation/docs/design.md

# Design of scaladoc

Scaladoc is divided into 3 modules, that are:
- scaladoc
- scaladoc-js
- scaladoc-testcases

##### scaladoc

> This module consist core sourcecode and assets (css, js) used for building Scaladoc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains the core source code and assets (css, js) used for building Scaladoc.
```

Author: Fixed

##### scaladoc-js

> This module consist Scala sourcecode that is transpiled to JavaScript that is used by scaladoc for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains Scala source code that is compiled to JavaScript. It is used by scaladoc for:
```

Author: Fixed
